Okay, so.
2 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Now, the meeting is recorded, um, sin.
3 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I'm I'm officially now an employee of the mix blankets again. Um, but all my rights have been revoked so there's no transcription. Very nice. Um, anyway, we'll still record it because I think if they enable it, I get transcriptions back.
4 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Hopefully, because all other transcription also deleted. Um, but but not the recording themselves. So maybe maybe you have some hope to get this up and running. Um, maybe if you have some time, I think today could be a full day in. So it's very cool. And it's very sunny outside. Um.
5 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
So, we can join in in later, um.
6 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Logo contest has to be done. Sometime. I just keep it in there as a reminder. Um, I have finished revision of the base paper and just waiting on and maximum helium on.
7 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Getting some feedback, um, so that we can resubmit.
8 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Uh, naturally project meeting is still on, or, I don't know. I wasn't sure if I should remove it marks. Yeah.
9 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Yeah, I guess I just have to write them an email now reminding them that we are waiting for. Okay.
10 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
That stuff, so, Marx is writing an email reminder enough to lead.
11 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Come to bring them in November.
12 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Okay, and then we should be a good time to sit together.
13 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Yeah, ideally we would get this stuff before we should mention that that if we get the stuff before, then we can prepare something and it means this will bring up the days.
14 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
So, November, 11, instead of 2009, 9.
15 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
This is, uh, and he'll be a way for in the middle.
16 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Probably you probably arrived, but November 11.
17 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Nice and 79.
18 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I should put that in the car. Yes. Yes. That would be excellent. Um.
19 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
So, regarding yeah, um, I.
20 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Can only really understand that 1 because all the other ones are very.
21 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Silence okay.
22 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
That's nice because we now got a microphone specifically so that you can hear everyone.
23 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Okay, so.
24 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I guess, uh, I will buy another 1.
25 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
In place 2 at 2.
26 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Places in the room, is this the microphone? This is the microphone activated.
27 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I'm pretty short activated, so it's like, let's make.
28 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Mary, she plays it in the middle of everyone. It would work. I don't know. And it will be.
29 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
The floor I'm sharing.
30 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Yeah, that's interesting.
31 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Actually, I think we should have like, a, you know, that.
32 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Hey, Swan yes.
33 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
No, I like they can connect those to each other. So we have to have 2.
34 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Oh, is this fine now?
35 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Somebody asked the newness to ask. Um, do you hear me? Um, I think it's better now. Everybody's like, on the same level between understanding and.
36 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Doesn't mean, we have to stop making jokes about you now.
37 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
But I think it works now. I mean, maybe Nicholas to.
38 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
I mean, you can understand it, I guess, uh.
39 "Nicklas Hafiz" (3171545856)
Everybody has the same level of silence. Mm. Hmm.
40 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Yeah, okay. And increase.
41 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
The sensitivity of mine, so this should be now she wanted to show. Okay how much.
42 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Years yeah, yeah, yeah yeah. Just better.
43 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Okay, so do you mind any new glances? Well.
44 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Um, so where are we, and after the, um, yeah, and then the calendar. So if you see something in the calendar and you're not sure what it is, it probably means you're going to have to attend just.
45 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
When in doubt, I hope it's clear where to I think you can trust intuition, uh, what's relevant or what not, but it's not true outside of just putting stuff in the calendar. Hey, someone works.
46 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Wants to join, but it's just easier. Um.
47 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
The research colloquium is upcoming on November pass from 10 to 11 and I think that would be a nice thing also for student research systems to come because.
48 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Series a very short talk, it's 5 minutes, but talk 2 minutes crashing around. Um, and so it's everyone has to present, uh, that at some point at the, and is from all departments. So you get an overview of what other research is done here at the Institute. Um.
49 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
You can anticipate remotely if you want. Um, but if you want to come in and you have to send an email.
50 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Uh, to provide some slides from, uh, you want to go, uh, it's in the description of the items registrations.
51 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Then that is the burden science we going on. I'm specifically there's a panel discussion on November 1st, and I pointed this out, because they will be food.
52 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Um.
53 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Then, Nicholas, we have lots of.
54 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Ask for high performance compute access for you right? You have the contract now, but you still need access.
55 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
And and you have done those process before.
56 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
There is a.
57 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Um.
58 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Okay, uh, I will ask her yeah, because they keep changing these things. It's called the source.
59 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
But it may not exist 1 of those things that used to be resource. Now that I'm on the format.
60 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
So you have to ask, okay.
61 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Um, then.
62 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
In now it's only the same grid.
63 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
And you can also test the production that, um, yes, the managers, there's the actual administration.
64 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Yeah, yeah, this is somebody who has a contract with the.
65 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
And meet us to have an account.
66 "Nicklas Hafiz" (3171545856)
I don't think so. Do I have to apply for this? 1?
67 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
It's not me, I account. Yes, but the contract.
68 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
and then they can okay we have to create an account and then uh yeah just maybe yeah this one is not no this is a ticket in the system
69 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Um, which last time I did, it resulted in MIA, getting my account reset it 3 times for each account that was created since my.
70 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Um, then the last item that I put on here is, uh, PhD, uh, Navigator thing.
71 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I don't know, I was under the impression that doing is almost as complicated as doing a PhD.
72 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Curious, um, that is quite difficult to navigate all the steps and I have been talking to a couple of people on how we can improve the process. And then it would be very nice to have, like.
73 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Some kind of automated checklists and reminder things because there are so many things that you have to do in.
74 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Particular order, ideally, um, and are very many research institutions like.
75 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Absolutely, the tech meeting, then you have the, the research block we only have to go presenting the conference user meeting. Then you have to get ethics approval then you have to register study and you have to confirm the library if you're.
76 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Publish something, and this is as all the.
77 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Everything has to be done. Everything has to be done in a particular all that had at the right time. And I don't think that's even possible for us.
78 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
And so they will be.
79 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
A meeting on the last day, um.
80 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
And I wanted to yeah, probably at some point. Pick your brain those who start, uh, PhD yeah. What.
81 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
You, it's fine so it's from 2 to 3, uh, tomorrow and 961 2.
82 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Come along to complain. Um, that's that's fine because we are thinking about, okay, what.
83 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
What can we do? Um, to make this process easier.
84 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Yeah, and if you have anything like, oh, you really should.
85 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Thing about this particular problem we should talk about that.
86 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Yep, and that, um, I'm through my items, but I think there are a couple of items open.
87 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
That's that's my mine. Yeah, so I, I, I would quickly try to share my screen.
88 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Uh, the, the.
89 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Okay.
90 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Now, I'm sharing, so I know that probably most of you already noticed and have worked with this, but not, uh, I haven't until last week.
91 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Well, I had to kind of dive into a topic that I was not familiar with at all and it can be really hard because there are a lot of papers out there and especially the recent papers of not only on archives.
92 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
So, I realized that all the major machine learning conferences, use, open review for the review process.
93 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
And I was obviously I was aware that something like this exists, but I always thought, well, who's going to look at this anyway?
94 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
But actually, it's really incredibly helpful because they give you so much. So, for example, when they, when they decide on whether to accept it.
95 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
They give you a whole summary of the of the paper basically for free that you can read instead of kind of reading the whole paper. So you get like, a better than summary basically, for free.
96 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
And you get also the decisions from our, the reviewers in in a nice format.
97 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
But, for example, just the correctness.
98 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
And the novelty separately.
99 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
So, even if a paper's rejected, you can still see okay. It just seems to be technically correct. But maybe the improvement was not so large, but you can still.
100 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Use the contents, if you want to, and you can sign it even if it's only published on archive because you can see that basically agreed.
101 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
That's the paper's correct. For example, and something that I found funny is, um.
102 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
They can even touch their own confidence in the review. So they so very often. You actually see reviewers saying, like, I only have the confidence of 2 or 3.
103 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
And they say, uh, well, I have quite some trouble actually understanding where the papers about. So, don't take my review too seriously.
104 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
So, yeah, I just wanted to share this with the people that maybe don't know this.
105 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
I think that this is really nice, and it's really a huge improvement from what the psychology conference are doing, which is just giving you a decision with no with no justification at all. And they even have you rejected on the desk projected submissions.
106 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Look at them, and you can see they will give you a reason why they why it does projected so yeah, I think that's very cool. Mm. Hmm.
107 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Hello.
108 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I didn't know about it really looks pretty cool and then next time should prepare for reproducible research if our workload pieces. Um, yeah, so Leo, and I, um, started working officially on our instance yesterday and I remember that.
109 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
A couple of weeks ago, Max actually mentioned that, uh, when we start working on a paper or thesis, we should feel free, or should be encouraged to come speak to you and Aaron to maybe get yeah. Kind of a quick introduction into this. Uh.
110 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
How you actually rise up from paper from the very beginning it gets up.
111 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Um, and I think this would be a timely.
112 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Thing now for us, um, yeah, in case you have any free time left or? Um, yeah.
113 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
We would be we appreciate it.
114 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Yeah, definitely, um.
115 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I guess we will talk in about a year about it. Any right but.
116 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
I actually think that, um, yeah, that like these, how to collaborate, why I can talk is actually.
117 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
It's interesting and important anyway, and maybe we want to invest in some more time into that. Instead of just.
118 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Talking in only, but maybe we can figure out what is it exactly. Need us.
119 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Involved in your the weekly usability workshop to.
120 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
To do the collaborative editing and the conference on automating research products in optimal. I wanted to talk about.
121 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Collaboration, but I haven't I just on the plan that I want to talk about it. Okay that anything.
122 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
So this sounds like we should talk to today even a little bit about it and.
123 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Figure out, what is the best format for you to get up and running? And maybe by other people to.
124 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
That should help other people a little bit and maybe something with a conference of action as well. Yeah.
125 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Yeah, I also thought that this would make an amazing workshop actually.
126 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Because even if you're not, um, familiar with good and get up, there's still a lot of very nice tools that that can offer you for writing your paper. So you don't have to be an experts. But.
127 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
Just tracking everything with, uh, we are issues and assigning it to your collaborators and something like this is already, I think, a huge step forward for.
128 "Maximilian Ernst" (941395968)
For most people at their paper writing workflows.
129 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Okay, yeah, thank you. Cool. Um, then we're done almost in time. Um, I think we have still some Kate to, in line and to debate whether or not people who doesn't want to pay work. Um.
130 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
But, yeah, thank you very much Nicholas for joining in and.
131 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Nicholas, maybe maybe we have to reschedule our meeting. Um, but, yeah, yeah.
132 "Nicklas Hafiz" (3171545856)
Okay, it's fine. Just just write me.
133 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Yeah, I I do an email, um, this may be, um.
134 "Aaron Peikert" (1776789760)
Okay, bye. Bye.
135 "Nicklas Hafiz" (3171545856)
Bye bye. Bye. Bye.